ok folks says every teams in position or
the adjudicators in position we will
start the first event coming now here
goes the 2002 Robot Wars Robo Olympics
yeah yeah final practical assessment for
first-year technology and engineering
students of messy
this tastes uses a lot nothing dire in
an electronic eye so I raised the
reflected light and tries to stay online
gets Hutter's the longest now really
well you've either got it or you haven't
on this one
serious
totally
oh well no great excitement he is just
got to show the skills come in pretty
handy Lillian could be the hottest
appear ever decreasing circles
I like it hey the half pad
no rules on this one consider one to
touch you're over your turn
not to 90 degrees and 2.4 meters
hi cool
full minute time limit many tries to see
life
nice
butch's different story here more of a
contact sport
bumper switch hits the wall triggers the
robot to rest then it goes forwards till
it hits something else
barbra there are any money and only
touch each side once pretty basic beat
the clock probably one real contender in
this year's lineup
supreme award goes to a theme for
first-year track deep 13 Robert Logan
Pat McCrory potato 2010 it's really good
you